SANIA MAHAMMEDI POREE

 sania44190@hotmail
.com
 0626300903
 Paris (75012)
 Permis B
 Française
 Née le 17/12/2001

LANGUES
Anglais
› TOEIC : 760/990
Espagnol
Arabe

INFORMATIQUE
Maitrise du Pack Office
(Excel..). CRM Salesforce.
Outlook. Google Analytics
& Ads. Meta. Outils
d'emailing
(Pardot,Brevo). PowerBI.
Canva pro. PrestaShop.
WordPress. Suite Adobe
(Photoshop). et réseaux
sociaux.

ATOUTS
Négociation
commerciale
Relation client

ABOUT ME
Perceived as a responsible, autonomous, mature, and independent person. I have strong
adaptability skills and a
genuine interest in building relationships. My motivation and organizational skills enhance my
ability to work and adapt
in all situations.

SKILLS
Commerciale
Client database setup and monitoring
Management of existing client portfolio (80 clients in Brittany region, 150 clients in Paris region),
conquest and
prospecting capabilities
Sales development monitoring for the sector in sell-in & sell-out
Organization and scheduling of business appointments: Presentation of offers
Marketing
Creative & innovative spirit. Organization of influencer events
Creation of a marketing agency (@Numeragancy) and management of an Instagram account
(@Kaporal-showroom)
Operational monitoring of contests to engage our partners

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Partner Buisness L’Oréal
Depuis septembre 2024 L’ORÉAL Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
Market development in Côte-d'Or for Redken, with implementation and growth with hair
salons. Management and retention of a portfolio of 150 clients (30k€/month). Active
prospecting and appointment scheduling (8/day) to expand the network. Commercial
presentations and strategic support, social media development and business reinforcement
for partners with a 360° approach. Focus on data analysis, hairdresser training. 300k€ in
revenue on my sector per year that I manage.
Business developer BtoB CSE
De septembre 2023 à août 2024 MAISON COLIBRI Paris
Management of 150 client and prospect accounts, generating €80K in revenue over four
months (September to December). Implementation of customer retention strategies and
commercial expansion in the Parisian market.
Advanced use of Salesforce and PrestaShop to optimize customer relationship
management and sales tracking, telephone and physical prospecting campaigns.
Organization of major events (400+ participants) to strengthen the Brand.
Sales Representative

CENTRES D'INTÉRÊT
Cuisine - Mode - Luxe Social - Sport - Peinture Danse

De janvier 2022 à août 2023 KAPORAL Nantes
Creation of customer database for Brittany region - Presentation of Kaporal brand Customer welcome & follow-up -Presentation of winter and summer collections - Customer
and prospect tour planning - Telephone prospecting and mailing - Showroom layout
Social Media Manager - NUMERAGENCY
Depuis janvier 2024 En freelance Paris, 75012
Website creation - Social media content creation - Development of web and social media
strategies - Statistical with Google Analytics & metadata

EDUCATION
Master Grande École - Commercial Management
De septembre 2024 à juin 2026 Inseec Paris
Licence professionnelle- Bachelor 3 en E-commerce et Marketing Numérique
De septembre 2023 à août 2024 Paris School of Business - UPEC Paris
Accréditation : AACSB, AMBA, EFMD et Business Graduates Association.
> General and International Management Bachelor PSB
> Professional Bachelor's Degree in E-Commerce and Digital Marketing UPEC

